Create GWG-meeting1-Oct31-2023.md (#2)
onflow/gwg: meetings/GWG-meeting1-Oct31-2023.md

6. **On-Chain Voting Need:** Participants considered whether on-chain voting was necessary and evaluated the costs and benefits of such a feature.
7. **Discussion on Cast Tool:** The group delved into a detailed discussion on the necessity of the Cast tool and whether it aligns with community requirements.
8. **Next Agenda:** The meeting concluded with a preview of the next agenda, which includes addressing existing issues, node selection, GWG's role, and efforts to restore community confidence.

**Key Decisions**

1. Quantnode was approved to run a Verification Node; the same has been communicated to them. 
2. Resources are crucial and limited and spending them on making Cast an on-chain voting tool can be delayed; this was based on an understanding of similar market offerings like snapshot which also store votes off-chain (like Cast)
3. Node selection criteria was laid out at a high level. The final draft will be created and shared by the Flow core team soon and presented to the GWG for final approval.

**Links**

> Video recording of the meeting (link to be added)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Video recording of the meeting ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1L0Mzpwj1v-wItwYQOxMC-RUPYyZ8d8ku/view?usp=sharing)
```
